silva questioned there says to deflect conditioning
it's good night thursday december 2nd 2020 january and caused pain january
2020 was worth the committee is smart the devourer
of tilapia is that the first batch of the year last year you were the one that most
everyone called it zero, that is, look not only if I am well accompanied in the
on the left here our fabiano flamenguista how does the hive
flemish that flemish gorge the jorge whenever the secretary of fisheries
also worth of purple belford borgo course also accompanied all the
first goal of the year I want to thank all of you
followed and during Sunday 19 a lot of anger 50 but tomorrow is that
we got it is just the day telling you I was on a trip I was on the air not
it was possible to do is most sought after in the best way to stay informed
under discussion it is important the fundão mil divided right vetoes or sanctions because the
that you would do in the place we’re going to arrive but it’s ok, it’s all resolved
economy is doing great thanks to god
the press and when the party is a news that in the last days there and
of the system the level of employment in four years invest two locations double and scholarship
rises 32 percent and nineteen stock exchange rises 31 and a half percent in the year and analysts
see new high in 2020
I speak minimum 39 increased 39 reais I will have on my page criticism
asking me what I would do will live with the minimum wage is to recognize
the difficulty recognizes the difficulty of those who live on a minimum wage but
we have to recover the economy otherwise it complicates the situation the year
past we have paid interest and debt repayments over 400
billion reais plus 1 billion a day of interest really the country
it is not easy for you to manage a country with this monstrous debt, it is not that we
we have now because it reached such a high value what do we what justifies us
we pay more than a billion interest a day what has been done in the past where
invested in a response to our economic team but to a large extent
jorge the selic rate was up
if the Selic rate was fought last year if inflation is fought by increasing the team
uses beat 60% which 60% of the fhc government so the domestic debt grew
frighteningly okay the problem is there we have
that honoring commitments before loses credibility because brazil has recovered
since the last year, it has been recovering exactly its credibility and
Selic rate is 46 percent started at 4% this year the forecast we pay from
July next year - symptoms of 110 billion reais
is a tremendous relief in the public accounts work of the economic team of the
polo guedes is from roberto campos there in central is from pedro guimarães not in
savings account is due to the theft at the bank of brazil and so we go on touching the
boat here who have the economy are they and delegated this responsibility to the
mister paulo Guerra and his team that the numbers are showing you are doing
A good job
well and curiosity grew here the registration of firearms in brazil in the
past I could not go beyond my decrees and ordinance
in this case in addition to the army commander who cannot
beyond the law so what we call providence with decrees and ordinances
allow the growth of firearms
is around 22% compared to 2 percent and crime criminality has decreased the
your state already santa catarina i think a safer state in brazil being that
is also one of the most has is people with legal weapons as well is is gyms
magnetism is the seven detained foreigner is right club admitting it will come out
so more than concrete proof that the quantity was legal in the hands of the people
has an inverse relationship to the number of deaths well the jorge to whom he will speak
some topics quickly and he didn't even have time to talk to him before he started
very fast when it comes to fishing so it seems to be driving a little bit here
sir for what it looks like the brazilian sometimes
want to consume fish but do not know how to prepare the thousand exactly quickly
say something personal we are at the secretary good night the
captain first thank you for participating in the first hour of the year and the
tribute to our fishing and aquaculture nothing better a way of thanking
give you a kiss it's true ready it was creepy guys we are
a quick survey of an entity from são paulo showed that the housewife
that preparing food in most Brazilian homes have doubts about the
freshness does not know how to buy does not know how to prepare
so we are going to do a kind of masterchef brazil and the name of the program
you are going to give is collaborating there our social networks and we will
prepare recipes themselves when housewives helping
housewives preparing this wonderful food for all Brazilians
captain advertising your son here 06 our social people here
people participate there we will make a poll for you to give the name o
master plate program obviously already from a tv station and participate that in
soon we will have news I prepared everything when last there was a lunch
tambaquis exactly what came from rondônia is exactly the positive reflection
that lunch that is three times increased the sale of tambaqui according to
entity to be credited that they prepare so passionate involves the tambaqui that
I took a boy here, so let the 15 kilos be the same beautiful thing
some investigated or torture and the fish hit asphyxiated joke right
all right next to the boat is to think I don't know what to eat right
by cob pejão eats meat with vegetables and that is in force in the summer so everything arrives
well let's go playing the boat there is saving money at petrobras banco do
brasil eletrobras had record profit this year 28 for 6 billion well above
2001 just above 2008 now what happens is to put it is to look for
get the right person back to the right place there are things that still have to be changed
and the current ones are slow, we are looking for these solutions in but not
there is more on the part of the executive what was recently in Brazil here the
people go back to state-owned companies so that people who are not
partly on Wednesdays the author would do the thing that had to be done and not
operate for groups that I had indicated there
the biggest loss of this rate recorded 2015 2015 because that was the president squid
coincidence is where the scandals at the state-owned company began to potentiate
special to petrobras this ended the bnds also the data of
first quarter of this year had a history profit of r 11 billion
is a sign that obeys a slap on the hands
of people like in the pt government back there that the best known case was the
jbs friboi i usually say right 2014 a little bit to jbs
borrowed 9 billion reais from Benin and five percent of that
approximately 400 and a few million here at that time, you know, which 5 per
percent said repeating 400 few 1 billion not millions on 9 bi 5 by
percent with shares and a few million was given to political parties and
political parties distribute this budget among their candidates 1,400 few yet
was not voted on the account the party had 200 thousand euros I became the lion
gave a check back leaving and asked the party to vote against that fund
at that time it brings in the normal campaign fund so yes but it is developed
for a terrible scandal there and if I used the day at that time
him being cool is not cool for sure i was going to tried it head on but everything
well
the little nfs this year 4.4 billion reais with the comb is our new
anti-fluorine program with four more 4 billion points that fail to spend
with inss
the defense in 2009 already paid 60 million reais only I think it is a big
problem for sure people looking to get into the
safe defense program that at the end of the line that puts special inwards is
are colony associations entities but now with this record that we
we are finalizing the system even with a lot of anti-fraud system
we really want to confirm the authenticity of whoever is taking it
many people who have passed away are cpf are used in correctly so the
system was delayed because we are doing the anti-fraud systems
precisely to have respect for the citizen's money today, 3 billion people
the federal government spends on closed insurance, remembering that according to
cgil almost 70% are fraudulent there are people who are closed and a place that
don't even have water to drink few people no no you know the state I wrote
here you guayaquil who receives more insurance defensively to support
all just coincidence brazil has 26 states plus df 27 units of the
federation i lost the elections in the nine states of the
northeast in the 9 will then be under 27 federation units - 9 27 the version
least 98 of the 18 states plus the df is so 18 and a massive campaign was carried out in
stop saying that I was going to end the insurance closed to the maximum then the cause
main reason for me to lose a single state, right?
outside the northeast of pará in the case of closed insurance then the staff in addition to
defrauding a lot of people has fraud anywhere central already had in
second and did you will do what you have and we want to fight it give this
money someone works who pays the hard earned tax for this is to give to
who doesn't need it or who's giving it to fishermen in the desert close to zero on the side
only from israel in time and culture 0 this is it
is the cause of my defeat was exactly that of not being able to
fighting with humble people is the vast majority need I defend no one will
end it there but that part that I didn’t need I give power to
cavaco silva campaign defended what we want is to strengthen the real
fisherman who even visits us to the capital asking for a look has a lot of fraud
make a record with fraud lipsticks because we can even captain
just like it did with the family grant on the 13th we can expand it to others is
modalities today that do not receive closed insurance but first there is how to do
right, as in the case of captain fraud, we made a balance of
2019 this magazine will be made available
electronically with all actions, that is, a satisfaction for society
that in 2019 the secretariat of aquaculture and fisheries did for Brazil delivered
for brazil for brazilians so folks the magazine was super top
we are not going to spend money on this one this is just a model you
will be able to choose will have made available electronically gives a
look revealed free of charge and the person wants to leave I don’t know just a tip of it
appeared well most of the time we did everything we did for the benefit of
Brazilian continuing here to greet the boy
marcello antony do turismo and gilson machado do da embratur our friend o
tourism debated everyone recognizing everyone is how is it there the beaches of santa
catarina chumbada and it’s not just the holy house in brazil all the
staff has informed us telling us please contact send video a lady or
Miss you from Santa Catarina made a video talking here
sell what offered that renting properties in the area with mourinho there is no other for
she ran away name here okay so really now largely the
marcelo do gilson's work was the invention of a reversal of the
visa reciprocity that was the guy from australia united states japan
I have a final trip of the month now to
India I don’t know if there will be time yet maybe we didn’t demand it ourselves
visa exclusivity for him is for him and India is the country that is
growing a lot around 1 billion and 300 million inhabitants but that and has
a very large mass that practices tourism around the world and Brazil is one of the
countries that receive less tourism button we will continue to open this way
as for china it is quite advanced this condition will not bill if not
do a lot with tourism I think I'm average sure on the album
the pib the world pib is for tourism is approximately 10% but it is well below
I think that Brazil has to be above
of the world average so tourism will continue to be a priority in our
capital government including tourism in the northeast that staff were very
concerned about the accident there with oil is tourism in the northeast was not
impacted and almost complete reservations in the hotels the information of the hotels there
we receive information from third parties suddenly jesus can confirm us more
absolute success of tourism in our Brazilian Northeast also despite
everything that happened look I took the little video here send
for me but the simulator got away and I got in touch with the owner of one of the
floating hotels that you have in the amazonas region is to contact the
public sought out the owner of the enterprise
I also spoke with the secretary who answered the phone and I did very well
treated I was being 6 in salvador asked for authorization to disclose the
I divulged it with live phone companies, so this Amazonian tourism from what I saw there
of the image those river inlets form
true alagoas there is the hotel set up there has all the possible comfort
this strategy is around 20 minutes by speedboat from manaus and because I
interested in spreading the culture of the amazon is welcome in addition to bringing resources to
us and shows those who come from outside that the amazon didn’t catch fire or is not on fire
fire is a big lie i wanted to know now it's on fire
beach know I know it's a color said a sacred thing
spoke and put in doubt the sovereignty in australia not that girl too
in that little one she said something right at the time and in Brazil that doesn’t compare
what happened that happens all over brazil which is a little bit cultural is hard to change
people's heads the question of setting fire to the swidden
it will hardly end with that but what's with the sum that happened
in Brazil in the past, in addition to being below average in the last few years,
compare to what happened in australia i even called today by the minister
fernando defense then i called minister ernesto
we have little to offer australia but the ministry in these foreign affairs has already
must have contacted the room or little we have to offer
we are making available to fight the fire in ours that we have
help our fire here in israel okay if i'm not mistaken here also from
rushydro of argentina we have felt support is the cm know that by the size and
by extension
any help is not enough but it comforts us and is welcome so
Brazil just did the same now via defense media and via my relations
outdoors offered a helping hand to australia over there to fight the fire
ok well but in the second class it's quick just know you only know who the sport is
most popular in Brazil you know I think it's possible is fishing
piece fishing is more practiced more popular in brazil and for you to do the
your cool fishing captain I want to know the following already have your fisherman's license
biggest insurer aims here that the person looks up to the president here setting an example
you have his amateur fishing license, you can fish both on beaches and in
risk both shipped and unloaded it is necessary to make your wallet for you
is in his activity with his amateur fishing is regular and within the law
then he entered the ministry of agriculture in the
the ministry makes its card whoever fishes on the continent pays 20 reais for
year a very modest price and whoever goes with his boat and fishing is definitely
amateur pay 60 reais a year captain already has the love card
I also have my lack you also include yourself in this activity
wonderful good to talk from the fundão to the last subject although you think that
veto or sanction founded in 2001 is sincerity the treasury used the scissors in
consequence was cut is often or sanctioning by inventing anything
on the bench there is no equal to the judge said that the agent
guarantee nobody spoke anything already guarantee congress approved 0 stayed a while in
my table when I decided to call ready will appear the
constitutionalists are those people who are not specialized in the subject to put
fire and okay nobody said anything can criticize what will only be against the
criticism that the first plan in the base back there to criticize who is who won
I sanctioned it calmly of what I did without any problem remembered the abuse of
authority all amend all everything that was asked for
for me and my ministers by the wall by jorge by wagner and andré
I attended everyone to see you my congress brought down 80% some reaction from
who is investing here 00 and 10 now the world that was my head of
new about the guarantee judge to protect god and the sun
I find it difficult to implement the guarantee, the problem is there with the
judicial the legislative
is and will be decided it will take years to decide this issue in years
now the guarantee judge in my analysis is not what the criticism puts
out you have to put yourself in the situation of
people who sometimes take into account there at the base, right
in all professions we have our good and bad accesses and it falls into the hand of a mouse
it's complicated in something else practically exists in Brazil itself
car wash was not only the Moorish sergeant who made only him
he was advised by some judges I didn't have it like that with others
types of processes brazil also do alone and it is consensus of other people
and there is a lot in many states that have a seat we want the guy to do the
investigation there after the judge up front and in need of that action time
experts don't have it right you dad and take care of people who spend the
examining the order is only with examining the order has no power to end it in the
past eduardo cunha has enormous power failed to end the exam
of the order the merit of not arguing I will present a project that I think
that can pass in bed, it is useless to start playing a project in the
camera that knows it will not be successful so I will talk continued
talking to everybody, people even criticize that they don’t talk to
the senate or institutions that I had until I’m talking patience
right is that they always told me in the past right
if in politics there are people you don't like when the president doesn't vote
better 22 now we can't do something that
as if I were the owner of the truth it has to be what I want what I tried
watching me over there watching want us to do our part
I’m confident that what I’m doing is in the best possible way
going back to the fundão here the fundão was creating a law of 2017
the achievement was not last year now that decided the issue of the minimum
until then the criteria for defining the fund and what happens the budget is
done all over the year for example next year's budget
start drafting from now on to take shape and come back at the end of the year and
what is sanctioned is parked and after it has been vetoed
if the veto is overturned, it will be valid b in 2007 the superior electoral court
officiated to the Federal Revenue saying look at the time of making the budget
I liked it I hope you have to allocate 2 billion reais 2 billion according to
the 2017 law well what the recipe made the carioca
this proposal the making of the budget during the discussion in parliament that
would put 3.8 billion is the number that I think for us is
exaggerated certainly not defending the 2 billion plus 3.8 is an exaggeration
so I talked about the possibility of vetoing the agenda well that the parliament decided
decided to accept the proposal of the tse that complied with the 2017 law and approved two
billions of reais now comes the folks will enjoy the event open to the open beta
make it very clear I didn't use my campaign last year
nor the fundão in a fund ró made a request for the internet yes of 14 million and a few
years half of that the other half wanted to donate to the saint
outside judge's house but the legislation did not allow so it was put
the pl is there for the pss and then something else is right, the deputy in são paulo a
woman came down the law and on the fundão here I have not decided yet I will not speak the
what I should do I don't know yet is now deputy week used a million a year
past that ffc special god of heaven background
weird on the special campaign financing sheet so samuel
moreira used a million last year and now made a little video to wear me out
it's in fashion, right, it's my deputy theme in São Paulo
also very cute deputy also cute is also criticizing me
but she used this ffc in her campaign in the past 100 thousand reais
criticizing people's morals and people's morals and just going to the website
You can see that this cute congresswoman used that money 100 thousand we call a
million reais i'm not here campaigning
against it reestablishing the truth nothing more than a few days and that
i want functional and if 2 bi because i will benefit that i am creating the
party make it very clear you use it because i can and the alliance for brazil today
I don't know how much I will be entitled to during the municipal elections in 2011
while I will be entitled on the occasion of the 22 01 elections an hour in the
internet he each do what he wants right guys talking about who uses the
special fund will not vote for him so the people who are going to run for elections
municipals know you are going to be patrolled why do you
you are periodically obliged, you know, to give an account of what you received
spent and when will you vote for the game in santa catarina joão candidate
the guy goes to that installment is periodic accounts it was worth it for him got the x of
deep in a battle stayed is always like that
so look, people have to learn that things change
nobody expected to arrive without a party fund and practically only with 8
seconds the vision came and it was not a speech
to deceive anyone because it’s difficult to deceive people out there
and I even used the biblical passage of the game and 32 you will know the truth and the
truth will set you free, and so it was done in that campaign seeks
do everything you promised in the campaign because it is possible to get there now not
the laws do not depend only on me, it depends largely on the legislature
Jorge that their last word even offering has the power to overturn the veto
and sometimes even the overturn of the veto is settled in the tournament that I’m always
right so democracy so i will position myself as president of
republic now the detail of the fund has a
functional device I made one with 1 post now and what happens right I
take into account that I think you read a text of about here size
here and interpret if it's very good a minute is
awesome what happens i went back the text not a minute is over 100
comments of what she didn’t read didn’t read if implement go there to veto veto affects
the sale well in the profile of people also to take a look that what attended
because it is a subject that requires a certain knowledge what I put it that says
article 85 of the constitution speaks of crimes of responsibility
ok and there it is judged then they are a crime of
responsibility for the acts of the public authorities is mine to undermine the
federal concession especially against i will put that only three in gray that
there are seven incisive three here so pay attention to the exercise of rights
I can answer for the crime of
impeachment responsibility impeachment process
if I for example violate the budgetary law being a canvas is also
liability crime which is more serious
item 7 compliance with the laws I have to comply with the law my god in heaven
you have a law voted on even if you vetoed it after it was stolen it's easy
accelerated with the president in enforcing the law yourself you also have to
comply with this there is a 2007 law that says that you have to have a fund of 2 billion
according to the tse according to the Federal Revenue I will veto
this is for sure someone will file a request for gay impeachment from the
parliament you of the people and will speak to the table rodrigo maia ismai can speak look
I will not go ahead with the process it can is a displacement of it will be saved
in a little while 115 thousand any complaint against me is like
happened already answers for rafinha of the past and until the husband answers for
environmental crime in the past until it was filed
I am now responding for an apology to the rape.
justice teacher tried to help a relative already knows what I'm talking about right
I don’t get involved in these issues here in court decisions or anything else
report any ready ok there i don't even know what natura is
a new representation taking into account article 85 of the fund is pressure is the
plenary and then folks you want me to keep the flank open
rodrigo maia spoke will fulfill the word of god and that's what tocantins is all about but
up there he can put pressure on me and I have my job done
so if someone sees you an argument that can counter Article 85
of the song alright otherwise i ask please as it reads hit my
facebook keeping social networks don't have everything there that should happen with the
fundão then some say ah you said that the
soldier who goes to war and is afraid to fight a coward but this fight that I
I'm playing with open chest on the battlefield or return has already been voted for
scene even if the tse is 2007 law the law says it has to be a special fund
special highlights sergio and the values ​​that the tse sets does not take into account the value
two years ago he did it at the conventions right there and he presents the budget and so much that
at least 2 billion reais that was not 32.8 almost doubling 90% more
and congratulations to the parliament and that decided not to leave 3.8 I could veto
I think that from there, in view of the excess, I could veto the excess, but the
parliament could overturn the veto could and the expense they want to see from
23.8 billion more bear the merit in mexico so we have conditional
because it would be contrary to the condition itself
so if someone has a different argument we change the positioning
of dilma at the moment the position the young man is to follow the law and I have to give
example tocantins even when you know that the law does not please us
you can see i would like the model to have a 16 year old background but have to
following the convention some speak also wish i had
life imprisonment in brazil but it is there in article 5 of the constitution i am mistaken
item that speaks in brazil there will be no death penalty perpetual character
what else comes perpetual banishing and cruel character death and there's one more there
so you have to respect it is our law and the device is the song that
i'm upset with him but have to respect for 100 for example if a
citizen could be able to live in harmony in society a lot is changing predicts
the Christmas pardon grant ours had some say that I’m not seeing
my word the two-part pardon the first
part of it is for those who are elderly, qatar crawling in jail and has a disease
terminal is an expense is a name for us all if the
family wants to take home as they sit on the sheet - pedro for us and not
will commit morning the weather is in a terminal phase is very old will stay
almost the layer something a problem building by people and
yet that person cannot have committed any honor crime for
torture among others and another part is for the police the other military and
civilian gf civilian firefighter who committed non-willful crimes was not with intent
of non-willful killing in fulfillment of the duty that happens more than the police
there he is in an operation and suddenly someone goes to the police station to talk look
that this that that policeman there who was playing the game in his chest just lacked
he coils himself often he is condemned touching something weird there
take the cops out on the street just to see how it looks in your life we ​​already had in
past experience in some states where police officers went on strike
saints only bahia also in pernambuco was a disgrace is a disgrace
police officers in general perform a phenomenal job
taking into account their private life, the state provides for them and
it’s hard to think about legislation so I came up with a bill
that in giló there is valid for everybody in general
emgerpi the military responds but has no punishment flame hides and lawfulness
some say I'm giving it right they give it
police right to kill don't want police money not to die and if
defend I think a son your brother has a
relative of a friend that the policeman he will be going up the hill many times
doing a search and seizure somewhere do a repossession and
him and is surprised by an armed element and will act do as expected
he took a shot to answer more went up in entering node by agent that was it
that the correction of the second Brazil is a very sensitive issue decreased by 22%
before the second measure was taken by the governor acknowledge by the government
federal government recognizes this anti-crime process in the world that he told me that
I didn't want to care to see that it came out more
there has been progress and it cannot be a long time for you there is no way to solve it for a year
for another to serve the population from one minute to the next come on let's go
solve the same issue of getting this new law now I already wanted me to
now a lot of things would come back right after the sanction of the law is that you have as
take action says the technician from Aveiro I cannot break the law
is underway in a crime of liability
many things I sanction the wind right there the pain in the heart but obliged to do
this i'm not doing the thing well done
I'm sorry no one is going to be eternal policy hit and wait for if it's been chosen
someone different our choice much better than us who has a lot of people who
can't take any more mistakes guys let's eat more fish and a shirt like more
fish 2020 and know that you are my super smart fish my light fish how
a kind of 2020 you my fish he fell for the joke joke joke
with him here okay he understood still look at my son there look at the old man
here he said i am thank you very much for
opportunity is a considerable part of the comments
volleyball and other advice go there and get the most important thing for us to see the
that went wrong is what can improve for the next live
and the intention of this ilk to show you what happens in Brazil
if you really know what a government is inside and out
you can choose someone better in politics for me the cd and cd deputy
senator because all of us here have an expiration date, you know, choose people
better to be able to have a smaller dimension brazil i include myself these people that you
can change in the future to choose the best people
ok now i think the numbers just showing ok we are in
right way is a team of law ministers who think can't forget those
boys from previous governments make the comparison can only be criticizing
equal comparison or education mission have problems have but housed it proves
is doing an exceptional job there is the ministry that can even a short time
you look at textbooks some books even decided that we don't like it and
distributing food because books that are going to be part of the three-year plan
meet the interest of the parents of the family you put in school from 2021
and jorge had a lot of books that arrived at the library what people from the past
do in buying 200 million l to distribute to the school talk about the program
since asked for one on the outside is asking there by way of the blind books others
knew barbarity there he will send to school did not have the stamp all
well she will arrive at the school hence the kids library
for the love of god every barbarity this this will no longer happen
the current year even though I am obliged to make books is
which, in my opinion, doesn’t suit the interests of Dad and Mom’s parents
from a big teacher to more teachers, we can't change that.
so god willing from sunday 21 look at the enemy's proof something
weird the specific language the group exists so each one 100 belongs to the
ab abc xyz group wonder now you at school learning and going out so that
two Portuguese biology mathematics who learned the profession of graves and
culture fishing engineering theory is Brazil I confess to you here if I
knew the potential of the knee I would not have ended the ministry of
fishing had started to only start with having more and more means of better working
this question of fishing in Brazil is to hear you could study a little bit here
in Brazil where I said that one passes out this difficulty how much he will pay
even in what lehmann but a hectare more or less a football field of water
you can create according to embrapa from 10 to 15 tons of tilapia per year you receive
the difficulty of making time on your property huge environmental license
we improved a lot but it’s not just putting people there who want the progress of the
Brazil has to comply with the law and have certain
environmental has to be a law does not exist anywhere in the world and only here in
Brazil is called the rigging of legislation
to favor cheetah forms if dealing with the environmental issue Brazil is the country
that takes care of the environment the most, nobody has such a large percentage
like ours for 60% environmental preservation is our time
I think that Europe doesn’t have a riparian forest pole here
are tens of meters according to a local region of brazil and the staff is the
all the time disturbing us, right, your macro and will tell us what
hinder nothing there is the scream the same way 1st cheer up if that girl and harley too
OK
avant-garde chat people now look for the day as the countryside rebels and
want to hold on to production want to do with it
alive right criticizing all right this question will go up see something
more in the capital
well folks as it is not new I am not going to the hospital
Look there
there i am thank you so much for the opportunity
encourages many people to eat fish
so thanks to him
twenty guys